hello everybody so I thought it would be
a lot of fun if I took you guys to
school and you got to see what it's like
on the last day before Christmas break
um yeah I didn't probably told him on my
way to school because I've got my
uniform on big things on the agenda
today other than getting out of school
for Christmas break my dad is actually
publishing a book so that's really cool
that'll happen today if you guys want to
check it out I'll leave a link down in
the description box you ready no okay
that's good it smells good now yeah no
you like all right there we go all right
Riley is serving it up I would so zoom
in to get a better image of the plates
but I don't know how yeah Shawn I don't
know how to work with technology all
right I have a Samsung Galaxy s3 this is
not very easy to cut the first
ingredient
anything hello do you guys want to say
anything do you have anything to say to
everyone watching Merry Christmas
everyone
[Music]
how do you like it
I'm not finished it's really depressing
I know the whole whole story is really
depressing up until you're home what do
you want to say to them to the people
watching
otherwise okay now Merry Christmas
everyone
tell us what's going on
oh my gosh I look oh my gosh looks so
thought I know one yeah or a million
stuff yeah thank you
what's our dilemma guys mommy tell you I
had the latest phone version of the
iPhone so everybody
we don't have any plans we don't know
what's happening today and we're just
well yeah but like I mean we did have
plans well we're gonna do a photo shoot
outside but then I looked at the weather
and it was like rainy all day long so we
can't do that anymore I think we're
gonna go home change then we're gonna
eat and then possibly go to Walmart or
something because you don't know target
yeah
touch a target this is so hard you see
Tim Hortons cause it runs like now okay
so that's the plan for right now we'll
update you guys along the way and it'll
be lots of fun
so now let's go
bye-bye
I am going to be on your nightmares look
at their uniforms that's actually cute
why can't we wear that
I wish yeah instead of yeah definitely
hey guys we were just driving and
jamming to Christmas songs and then
Riley well we've been having trouble
deciding what we will do and then
somebody's like we should see a movie so
we're looking up maybe times right now
it'll start like in an hour all right we
came up with an even better idea
so what we're gonna do is we're going to
go inside the theater over there and get
popcorn come on it's in the car and
watch our roommate I'm shaking because
I'm so cold as Riley coughs so to update
you we are now going to watch to all the
boys alone before cuz sarah has not
watched it yet so we're gonna watch that
and we've got our pop our popcorn and a
drink and we're just gonna sit here in
the in the movie theater parking lot at
30% though so we'll see how long this
lasts all right guys so we just wanted
to go ahead and end the video
we finished our movie which was so much
fun and we
we loved it I hope you guys enjoy this
video we had a really fun day and I'm
just super excited to get into Christmas
break we hope you guys enjoyed if you
did don't forget to give the video a
thumbs up and click the subscribe button
down below if you haven't already it's a
party up in here alright bye guys thanks
for watching you know see you next
Tuesday bye looks so bad have a
wonderful rest of your day or evening
and sleep well